		Exclamation:
	Good:
Ab-so-lute-ly - affirmative
And How - I strongly agree!
Attaboy/Attagirl - well done!
Copacetic - Wonderful, fine, all right
Jake - OK, as in , "Everything is Jake."

	Bad:
Applesauce- an expletive same as horsefeathers, As in "Ah applesauce!"
Baloney - nonsense!
Bull - (as in bullshit) nonsense or that's exagerated
Horsefeathers - an expletive ; same usage as applesauce
Says you - a reaction of disbelief

		Phrases:
Bank's Closed - no kissing or making out - i.e. - "Sorry, Mac, the bank's closed."
Cash or check? - Do you kiss now or later? 
Beat it - scram or get lost 
Beat one's gums - idle chatter
Butt me - I'll take a cigarette 
Carry a Torch - To have a crush on someone
Dolled up - dressed up 
Don't know from nothing - don't have any information 
Don't take any wooden nickels - Don't do anything stupid
Double-cross - to cheat, stab in the back
Dry up - shut up, get lost
Frame - To give false evidence , to set up someone
Get a wiggle on - get a move on, get going
High-Hat - To snub
Hit on all sixes - to perform 100 per cent; as "hitting on all six cyclinders"
Left holding the bag - to be cheated out of one's fair share AND/OR; to be blamed for something 
Level with me - be honest
Middle Aisle - To marry
Neck - Kissing with passion
"Now you're on the trolley!" - Now you've got it, now you're right!
Nobody Home - Describes some one who is dumb
On the lam - fleeing from police
On the level - legitimate, honest
On the up and up - on the level
Pet - Same as neck, but more so
Pinch - To arrest
Pipe down - stop talking
Putting on the Ritz - after the Ritz hotel in Paris; doing something in high style
Razz- to make fun of
Scram - Ask someone to leave immediately
Spoon - to neck, or at least talk of love
Stuck On - Having a crush on
Take for a Ride - To drive off with someone in order to bump them off
Upchuck - To vomit when one has drunk too much
What's eating you? - What's wrong
Whoopee - To have a good time
You slay me - that's funny

		Adjectives:
	Positive:
Bee's Knees - An extraordinary person, thing, idea; the ultimate
Berries - That which is attractive or pleasing; similar to bee's knees, As in "It's the berries."
Cat's Meow - Something splendid or stylish; similar to bee's knees; The best or greatest, wonderful.
Cat's Pajamas - Same as cat's meow
Darb - An excellent person or thing (as in "the Darb" - a person with money who can be relied on to pay the check)
Ducky - very good
Hotsy-Totsy - Pleasing
It - Sex appeal
Keen - Attractive or appealing
Nifty - great, excellent
Real McCoy - The genuine article
Ritzy - Elegant (from the hotel)
Spiffy - An elegant appearance
Swanky - Ritzy
Swell - Wonderful

	Negative:
All Wet - describes an erroneous idea or individual, as in, "he's all wet."
Balled Up - confused, messed up
Bull - (as in bullshit) to chat idly, to exaggerate
Flat Tire - A dull witted, insipid, disappointing date. Same as pill, pickle, drag, rag, oilcan
Pushover - A person easily convinced or seduced
Spifflicated - Drunk. The same as canned, corked, tanked, primed, scrooched, jazzed, zozzled, plastered, owled, embalmed, lit, potted, ossified or fried to the hat
Sap - a fool

		Nouns:
	People:
Baby - sweetheart. Also denotes something of high value or respect.
Bearcat - a hot-blooded or fiery girl
Bell bottom - a sailor
Big Cheese - The most important or influential person; boss. Same as big shot
Big six - a strong man; from auto advertising, for the new and powerful; six cylinder engines 
Bimbo - a tough guy
Bird - general term for a man or woman, sometimes meaning "odd," i.e. "What a funny old bird."
Bluenose - An excessively puritanical person, a prude, Creator of "the Blue Nozzle Curse."
Bull (a) - a policeman or law-enforcement officer including FBI
Daddy - a young woman's boyfriend or lover, especially if he's rich 
Dame - a female
Dapper - a Flapper's dad
Deb - an debutant  
Dick - a private investigator 
Doll - an attractive woman
Drugstore Cowboy - a guy that hangs around on a street corner trying to pick up girls
Dumb Dora - a stupid female
Egg - a person who lives the big life
Fall Guy - Victim of a frame
Fire extinguisher - a chaperone 
Fish -a college freshman OR; a first timer in prison
Flapper - A stylish, brash, hedonistic young woman with short skirts & shorter hair
Fly boy - a glamorous term for an aviator
Gold Digger - A woman who associates with or marries a man for his wealth
Hard Boiled - a tough, strong guy
Hood - hoodlum 
Hoofer - Dancer
Jane - any female
Live wire - a lively person
Mrs. Grundy - A priggish or extremely tight-laced person
Moll - A gangster's girl
Ossified - a drunk person
Owl - a person who's out late
Palooka a below-average or average boxer OR; a social outsider (both come from the comic strip character Joe Palooka)
Piker - a cheapskate OR; a coward
Pill - a teacher OR; an unlikable person
Rag-a-muffin - a dirty or disheveled individual
Sheba - A woman with sex appeal (from the move Queen of Sheba) or (e.g. Clara Bow)
Sheik - A man with sex appeal (from the Valentino movies)
Swell - a rich man
Tomato - a female
Torpedo - A hired gun
Wet Blanket - a solemn person, a killjoy

	Places:
Bible Belt - Area in the South and Midwest where Fundamentalism flourishes
Gin Mill - An establishment where hard liquor is sold; bar
Joint - an establishment (may or may not serve alcohol)
Juice Joint - a speakeasy, an illicit bar selling bootleg liquor
Speakeasy - An illicit bar selling bootleg liquor
Tin Pan Alley - the music industry in New York, located between 48th and 52nd street

	Things:
Beef - a complaint or to complain
Beeswax - business, i.e. None of your beeswax."
Blind Date - going out with someone you do not know
Bootleg - illegal liquor
Breezer - a convertible car
Bronx Cheer - A loud spluttering noise, used to indicate disapproval. Same as raspberry
Bull Session - Male talkfest, gossip, stories of sexual exploits
Bum's rush - ejection by force from an establishment
Bump Off - To murder, To kill
Caper - a criminal act or robbery
Cash - a kiss
Check - kiss me later
Chassis - the female body 
Cheaters - Eyeglasses
Ciggy - cigarette 
Clam - a dollar
Crush - An infatuation
Dead soldier - an empty bear bottle
Dogs - feet
Dough - money
Earful - enough
Edge - intoxication, a buzz.  i.e. "I've got an edge."
Flivver - a Model T; after 1928, could mean any old broken down car
Gams - A woman's legs
Giggle Water - An intoxicating beverage; alcohol
Glad rags - "going out on the town" clothes
Goofy - in love 
Hair of the Dog - a shot of alcohol 
Handcuff - an engagement ring
Hayburner - a gas guzzling car OR; a horse one loses money on
Heebie-Jeebies - The jitters, a state of nerviousness or anxiety
Hooch - Bootleg liquor
Iron - a motorcycle 
Jack - money
Jalopy - Old car
Java - coffee 
Jitney - a car employed as a private bus. Fare was usually five cents; also called a "nickel" 
Joe - coffee 
John - a toilet
Kisser - Mouth
Line - Insincere flattery
Orchid - an expensive item
Rubes - money or dollars
Shiv - a knife
Sinker - a doughnut
Struggle Buggy - a car in which couples copulate in the backseat
